profile/README.md, before:

# TrafficSync.io

Intelligent Traffic Registrar: Designed for car drivers, this innovative tool serves as a valuable resource for all participants in road traffic, including bikers, pedestrians, and drivers themselves.

The primary goal of this tool is to notify all participants in traffic about potential accidents based on video input from drivers, recorded by this mobile app video registrar equipped with AI.

Here's a glimpse of the future minimalist app and how it will look:
<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between;">
    <img src="https://github.com/Traffic-sync/.github/blob/main/profile/mock-up/WhoAreYouScreen.svg" alt="WhoAreYouScreen.svg" width="466" height="215">
    <img src="https://github.com/Traffic-sync/.github/blob/main/profile/mock-up/WaitingForAcceptingViolationScreen.svg" alt="WaitingForAcceptingViolationScreen.svg" width="466" height="215">
    <img src="https://github.com/Traffic-sync/.github/blob/main/profile/mock-up/BlureAlertNotificationScreen.svg" alt="BlureAlertNotificationScreen.svg" width="466" height="215">
</div>

## How it will works?
(You will know soon)

Commit message:

added more details to about project

profile/README.md, after:

# TrafficSync.io

Intelligent Traffic Registrar: Designed for car drivers, this innovative tool serves as a valuable resource for all participants in road traffic, including bikers, pedestrians, and drivers themselves.

The primary goal of this tool is to notify all participants in traffic about potential accidents based on video input from drivers, recorded by this mobile app video registrar equipped with AI.

Here's a glimpse of the future minimalist app and how it will look:

![Who are you screen](mock-up/WhoAreYouScreen.svg) ![Waiting for accepting violation screen](mock-up/WaitingForAcceptingViolationScreen.svg) ![Blure alert notification screen](mock-up/BlureAlertNotificationScreen.svg)

## What problem does it solve?
The main problem is that the number of road accidents is increasing every year. According to the World Health Organization, 
more than 1.35 million people die each year as a result of road traffic accidents. Road traffic injuries are the leading
cause of death among young people aged 5-29 years. 93% of the world's fatalities on the roads occur in low- and middle-income
countries, even though these countries have approximately 60% of the world's vehicles. In the United States, 37,000 people 
die in road crashes each year. An additional 2.35 million are injured or disabled. Over 1,600 children under 15 years of age die each year.
Road crashes cost the U.S. $230.6 billion per year, or an average of $820 per person. Road crashes are the single greatest 
annual cause of death of healthy U.S. citizens traveling abroad.

## How does it solve the problem?
The main idea is to use the power of AI to detect potential accidents and notify all participants in traffic about it.

## How to use it?
1. Download the app from the App Store or Google Play.
2. Register in the app.
3. Place your phone in a special holder in your car.
4. Start driving putting the app in the background and phone on the holder to see the road or riding a bike or walking.
5. If the app detects a potential accident, it will notify you and other participants in traffic about it.
6. You and other participants in traffic are safe.

## Transparency and how it works in the background
(You will know soon)
